Improve question wording (#152)
common-workflow-language/user_guide: _episodes/16-file-formats.md

teaching: 10
exercises: 0
questions:

> - "How do I check that input and output files are formatted correctly?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "How can I mark the required file format for input files?"
- "How can I mark the produced file format of output files?"
```
